yeah when I cut my thumb over okay I
can't remember what happened here hold
on I wore them yeah for it
don't tell me guys throw them away okay
you know what happened I wore them in
the snow in the south oh yeah yeah won't
happen again
oh boy these here lay them stretched a
little bit they all need to be clean so
whatever you need to do and with Tuesday
work for you next week thank you very
old girl okay see you next week thank
you very much only
Jimmy shoes
so half yeah
then threw up this so much I forget I
was doing it before it's hard to do it
all you know just deal with the
customers and the word
you don't take checks either I think a
check